# Bandit Chief

> From humble start to seek revenge's claim.
> >
> Paths may differ, yet burn with the same flame.

In bygone days, there lived a youth in the town, the son of a martial arts
master. His father's fondness for drink led to a foolish act that landed the
old man in jail, leaving only the youth and his mother struggling to
survive. As their situation grew dire, the young man took on any work to
make ends meet. The villagers praised him for caring for his mother,
deeming him a dutiful son.

In an unlucky year of crop failure, the mother and son set out to seek
refuge with relatives. Along the way, a gang of bandits emerged. Eyes
fierce, faces scarred, they brandished their blades, demanding nothing but
gold. The mother and son, destitute, resorted to begging for mercy. But
the bandits showed no mercy and were intent on killing them. The young
man, believing their death was imminent, seized a bandit's knife; with a
resolute heart, he ended his own mother's life and pledged himself to the
bandits. And so, he joined their ranks. News of the incident spread, and
people condemned him as a coward, truly a cursed son.

Years passed. One day, the entire gang of bandits was wiped out, leaving
no trace. Some said a hero had come to rid the land of evil and uphold
justice. Others claimed a guai had emerged in the mountains, bringing a
long-delayed reckoning. Debates raged on, but eventually, the topic faded
from memory. One day, a man, covered in blood, stumbled down from the
mountains, recounting an encounter with a towering bandit, neither
human nor guai, wielding a massive blade to rob the roads. His face bore
an uncanny resemblance to that cursed youth, yet he spoke of freeing
humanity from its burdens.


![Bandit Chief](/image-20240825213105041.png)